# Hello-World

  Despite appearances, I am really a cat named Bal. Once that stood for Balboa, because I had 'discovered the Pacific Ocean of milk' and waded in up to my ears. I was the runt of the litter, and I needed that milk! I was small, undernourished, and sucking hind teat, because my stronger siblings pushed me down the line, to where mom's milk was depleted in nutrients. Fortunately, my person fished me out of the milk bowl and fed me with an eye dropper, and I quickly caught up with my siblings, who disappeared one by one, leaving me with my person.
  
  Life was good. We lived at the top of the hill in Berkeley, where I grew into a no-nonsense dilute ginger tom, and more or less ran the neighborhood cat society. For inscrutable reasons, there was an undisciplined Dobermanish sort of puppy around the place; totally superfluous, but I soon taught him his place. I was less succesful teaching him manners. Far too exuberant. The only other resident was my person's father, who was around only half the time. Three days a week he disappeared down the hill to teach Englsh at UC. When he was home, he sat at the typewriter, doing nothing of interest. My person disappeared for most of every day too -- but then any cat worth his salt can sleep 26-28 hours a day once he gets his household under control.
  
  I sat at my person's feet at dinner time, because  if I ate them quietly, he would slip me the pieces of dead animals that his father insisted that he learn to eat, 'so he would grow up to be normal'. Not much in the way of variety (my person did most of the cooking, but his heart wasn't in it). Still, it was better fare than the pup got, which was often burnt oatmeal with kitchen scraps. I can't imagine why anyone would want to be a dog! It's probably one of the punishment options that can't be avoided.  
